# Is Artificial Intelligence Generated Image Detection a Solved Problem?
**Ziqiang Li, Jiazhen Yan, Ziwen He, Kai Zeng, Weiwei Jiang, Lizhi Xiong, Zhangjie Fu**

This repository is the official repository of the AIGIBench. 

This repository contains the AIGIBench dataset and the evaluated methods.

If this project helps you, please fork, watch, and give a star to this repository.   

## Dataset
The training set and testing set used in the paper can be downloaded in [Huggingface](https://huggingface.co/datasets/HorizonTEL/AIGIBench).
### Train
AIGIBench introduces two training dataset settings: **(i) Setting-I:** Training on 144K images generated by ProGAN across four object categories—car, cat, chair, and horse. **(ii) Setting-II:** Training on 144K images generated by both SD-v1.4 and ProGAN, covering the same four object categories. The data of ProGAN comes from ForenSynths, and the data of sdv1.4 comes from GenImage. In order to maintain the fairness of the training data, we randomly select the sdv1.4 training images of GenImage to keep the same number as ProGAN, and then merge the data. The file directory is as follows:

```
├── train
│   ├── car
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
│   ├── cat
│   │   ├── ...
│   ├── chair
│   │   ├── ...
│   ├── horse
│   │   ├── ...
│   ├── sdv1.4
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
├── val
│   ├── ...
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
│   │   ...
```

### Test
AIGIBench comprehensively tests the performance of the detector and builds a test dataset from five perspectives: GAN-based Noise-to-Image Generation, Diffusion for Text-to-Image Generation, GANs for Deepfake, Diffusion for Personalized Generation, and Open-source Platforms. The file directory is as follows:
```
├── test
│   ├── ProGAN
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
│   ├── R3GAN
│   │   ├── ...
│   │   ...
│   ├── BlendFace
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
│   ├── InSwap
│   │   ├── ...
│   │   ...
│   ├── FLUX1-dev
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
│   ├── Midjourney-V6
│   │   ├── ...
│   │   ...
│   ├── BLIP
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
│   ├── Infinite-ID
│   │   ├── ...
│   │   ...
│   ├── CommunityAI
│   │   ├── 0_real
│   │   ├── 1_fake
│   ├── SocialRF
│   │   ├── ...
```
